[Applause]
thank you for coming yeah thanks for
having me
i saw a joker last night and i'm now
scared of you i have to say
it really was an amazing uh incredible
performance it
are you proud of it are you aware of how
good it is
um that's a tough question right it's a
tough question you look like a jerk if
you say yes but we know you're lying if
you're saying
you get it don't get it yes exactly yeah
yeah
great yeah i'll just say it that's fine
you were great and fantastic oh thank
you
you um
you look now very muscular you were so
skinny in the movie and really
looked like sickly did you how much
weight did you lose for that
oh i don't know a lot though right a
little bit
yeah a little bit and is that as
terrible as i would imagine it to be
having a finite amount of time and
people counting on you
to lose weight for a movie uh
it is difficult at times but then
uh there's something very empowering
about it as well is there yeah
what yeah
i think just having like that level of
control over yourself
uh-huh is something like yeah i don't
know
in the beginning you're exhausted
uh-huh i mean sometimes you look at a
flight of stairs and it takes like 30
seconds you have to talk yourself into
it
say like i can do this i know i can do
this
but then once you reach your target
weight
i don't know what happens it's it's
incredible you suddenly just feel
energized and excited maybe your stomach
shrivels up to like the size of a raisin
and then it doesn't want any food really
in there
no you still want food oh you do yeah
yeah yeah
is it kind of thing like i find
sometimes i'll fast for the day
and then i will just look at recipes
online
all day i like i see a recipe i'm like i
got to save that i got to make that
cheeseburger i got to do this yeah
i mean uh it's tough because you don't
like
you can't watch tv because like a
commercial comes on for food
madness yeah right um you start thinking
i'm going to the sizzler
i'm
[Laughter]
in strange ways and dreams and things
like that oh wow
do you go out to dinner with people and
sit there and not eat or you just skip
that one you don't you don't socialize
you do not socialize at all
because that's we don't realize that
like food and drink is what all of our
social activity revolves around right
it's true
if you don't have that you're going to
want them to do it
so i don't have to talk to somebody
right and explaining to the waiter i'm
not eating i'm part of a movie oh what
movie are you doing
i'm doing joker you can't talk about it
then you get into the whole thing and he
can't say anything yeah anything like
that yeah you still really can't say
anything about the movie right
i mean it's still pretty secret you can
yeah but you probably
should trust it
the funniest thing is these people
cheering right now for that would be the
maddest people if you
like if joaquin were to tell you what
happens in the movie right now
people would walk out of here pissed
maybe not maybe not i don't know maybe
you're in on something
well let's give it a go let's see what
happens all right
this is the very last scene
no i think what's fun about this movie
is it really keeps you guessing
like you don't know what to expect yeah
um and so
i wouldn't want to ruin that for anybody
like i think it's i think it's funny
my sisters my whole family came to the
premiere
and uh afterwards we went back to my
place
and my sisters like got into heated
discussion about what the movie was
about
what it meant what was real what wasn't
it was really fun to like watch that i
think they were
really engaged in a way that they
haven't been with other movies of mine
they haven't seen my other movies but
i think they wouldn't have been us
and do you answer any of the questions
that they have or you stay out of it no
you don't want to go
oh it's great i love you you just like
to see it happen yeah because even
though i had no
role in the movie i explained it to
everyone here at work today
uh who had seen it we had a screening
and people were discussing it and i act
as if i am the authority on what
happened so so i do have a theory about
the end but i can't i can't say it
because
i'll tell you during the commercial
break my theory okay
you are a mysterious man would you agree
with that do people find you to be
uh mysterious what does that mean i mean
we don't i feel like we don't know a ton
about you personally is that intentional
i don't know a lot about you
that's just cause you don't watch the
show oh
most people tell me they know far too
much about me they
they would prefer to know a little bit
less about me but i would like to ask
you a couple of very random questions
okay i think this would be fun for you
okay i'm excited okay
first move you ever saw in the theater
you don't remember wow hold on
i got it it's right there it's right
there a lot now i have no idea really
all right this was a bad experiment
let's take it why don't we take a break
and this is a weird thing to say maybe
but your dancing in the movie is very
good you're
a good dancer
[Applause]
training for the dancing or was that
just all coming from inside
yeah there were there were two sequences
i worked with this choreographer named
michael arnold
oh and uh we worked there's a sequence
on the steps and the sequence where
i'm uh the clown we worked on those but
that piece
was something that um really was a
reaction to to the score
um todd had just received that bit of
score actually from hilda the composer
and um we were just trying to figure out
what to do with that scene
and he started playing me that that
music and and we just decided
that we wanted something that was just
um
kind of illustrated this transformation
into joker
um that was non-verbal and that's what
we came up with is that typically how it
goes
that you have the score before you're
finished shooting the film
no no i think sometimes i don't really
know uh-huh um
but that was the first time i think that
that i'm aware of where
um i was um so influenced by the score
did you dance as a kid or do you have
any like dance background
i mean yeah yeah oh
brad i was really good you were a good
dancer yeah
are you known as were you known as a
good dancer not
nationally
[Laughter]
but among your circle what kind of
dancing did you do
you name it really yeah but i mean
probably
i mean probably my forte was break
dancing breakdancing
for real are we talking to like
popping and locking or spinning what
kind of stuff everything yeah
would you do it out on the street for
people to see
sometimes but it was more personal it
was yeah
i like to keep it for myself like a
personal expression i didn't need kind
of
adoration i didn't need people to
validate me it's just something that i
felt inside and
especially just you and a piece of
cardboard in your room
you're making fun of it but it's serious
for me
i know i know so you is this movie uh
we were talking to the commercial break
is it it seemed um
grueling in some ways so joker's
laughing a lot
and um not in a in a fun way
more like in a robert de niro in cape
fear kind of way
and uh and it just seemed did you
unpleasant to to do was that the case
no no you had fun making the movie yeah
you did
did yeah it was a it was a light
set you know and todd you know todd
phillips is the director director
really funny and yeah i feel almost
guilty but
we had a really good time it's
interesting that you say that because
todd sent me uh
some an outtake uh reel and we cut it
down a bit
but well let's take a look at that and
and tell us what was happening here
no just like the concert whispering just
shut
up dude i'm trying to like find
something real
sorry it's it's only such a it's not a
big deal it's not a big deal
and i know you started to share the
thing larry
you're funny making fun of me
who's larry um
um yeah larry is the cinematographer um
this is so embarrassing and did he call
you cher
uh yeah look um
sometimes sometimes movies get intense
um because you're a lot of people in a
small space and you're trying to find
something
and um so you can feel intense but um
i was supposed to be private oh yeah
yeah
i'm a little embarrassed i'm uh i'm i'm
i'm i'm sorry about that
yeah yeah so you guys had to see that uh
sure um well
let me think about okay this a bit more
okay you do that
my publicist will issue a formal
statement tomorrow okay all right that's
a good idea
uh yeah can we move on yes we can we
have something else to talk about it's
over now so if you want to go call larry
we can uh
we can do it well i should probably
publicly apologize to larry
yeah yeah you probably should
larry
um the thing is though he he
i am sorry but he did whisper
like constantly while we're trying to
work and sometimes it's really hard to
find like
the emotion that you're after so it was
wrong of me i'm sorry
but he shouldn't have done it
joaquin phoenix joker opens friday we'll
be right back
if you like that video then put a ring
on it click the subscribe button below
oh